{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16740\viewh14080\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Harry Potter Characters\
- Houses\
	- Gryffindor\
		- Harry Potter\
			- Bio: Harry James Potter (b. 31 July 1980) was a half-blood wizard, who was the only child and son of the late James and Lily Potter, and one of the most famous wizards of modern times. In what proved to be a vain attempt to circumvent a prophecy that stated that a boy born at the end of July of 1980 could be able to defeat him. Lord Voldemort tried to murder him when he was a year and three months old. Voldemort murdered Harry's parents as they tried to protect him, shortly before attacking Harry. This early unsuccessful attempt to vanquish Harry led to Voldemort's first downfall, marking the end of the First Wizarding War and to Harry henceforth being known as the "Boy Who Lived."\
			- Wand: 11", Holly, phoenix feather\
			- Pet: Owl (Hedwig)\
			- Patronus: Stag\
			- Boggart: Dementor\
			- Member of: Dumbledore\'92s Army, Order of the Phoenix, Triwizard Champions, Gryffindor Quidditch Team (Seeker)\
			- First book to appear in: Sorcerer\'92s Stone \
			- Family Members: James & Lily Potter, Ginny Weasley\
			- Image: https://images.pottermore.com/bxd3o8b291gf/3SQ3X2km8wkQIsQWa02yOY/25f258f21bdbe5f552a4419bb775f4f0/HarryPotter_WB_F4_HarryPotterMidshot_Promo_080615_Port.jpg?w=1200\
\
		- Hermione Granger\
			- Bio: Minister Hermione Jean Granger (b. 19 September, 1979) was a Muggle-born witch born to Mr and Mrs Granger, both dentists. Hermione was raised as a Muggle girl until, at age eleven, when she learned that she was a witch and had been accepted into Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. She began attending the school on 1 September, 1991, where she was subsequently sorted into Gryffindor House, despite being considered for Ravenclaw. She possessed a brilliant academic mind, and proved to be a gifted student in almost every subject that she studied. She was very studious and bookish.\
			- Wand: 10\'be", vine wood, dragon heartstring\
			- Pet: Cat (Crookshanks)\
			- Patronus: Otter\
			- Boggart: Failure\
			- Member of: Dumbledore\'92s Army, Order of the Phoenix, Prefect\
			- First book to appear in: Sorcerer\'92s Stone \
			- Family Members: Mr. & Mrs. Granger, Ron Weasley\
			- Image: http://cdn-img.instyle.com/sites/default/files/styles/276x276/public/images/2010/gallery/110910-Hermione-5-400_0.jpg?itok=N6E0uHBG\
\
		- Ron Weasley\
			- Bio: Ronald Bilius "Ron" Weasley (b. 1 March, 1980) was a pure-blood[2] wizard, the sixth and youngest son of Arthur and Molly Weasley. He was also the younger brother of Bill, Charlie, Percy, Fred, George, and the elder brother of Ginny. Ron and his brothers and sister lived in the Burrow. Ron began attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1991 and was Sorted into Gryffindor House. He soon became best friends with fellow student Harry Potter and later Hermione Granger.\
			- Wand: 12", Ash, unicorn tail hair\
				14", Willow, unicorn tail hair\
				9\'bc", Chestnut, Dragon heartstring\
			- Pet: Rat (Scabbers)\
			- Patronus: Jack Russell Terrier\
			- Boggart: Aragog\
			- Member of: Dumbledore\'92s Army, Order of the Phoenix, Prefect, Gryffindor Quidditch Team (Keeper)\
			- First book to appear in: Sorcerer\'92s Stone \
			- Family Members: Arthur & Molly Weasley, Ginny Weasley, Fred Weasley, George Weasley,\
			- Image: https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/en/5/5e/Ron_Weasley_poster.jpg\
\
		- Albus Dumbledore\
			- Bio: Professor Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore,  (c. Summer 1881 \'96 30 June, 1997) was the Transfiguration Professor, and later Headmaster of Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Professor Dumbledore also served as Supreme Mugwump of the International Confederation of Wizards and Chief Warlock of the Wizengamot. He was a half-blood, Muggle-supporting wizard, the son of Percival and Kendra Dumbledore, and the elder brother of Aberforth and Ariana. Albus Dumbledore was considered to be the most powerful wizard of his time. He was most famous for his defeat of Gellert Grindelwald, the discovery of the twelve uses of dragon's blood, and his work on alchemy with Nicolas Flamel.\
			- Wand: 15", Elder, Thestral tail hair core\
			- Pet: Phoenix (Fawkes)\
			- Patronus: Phoenix\
			- Member of: Hogwarts Staff (Headmaster), Founder of the Order of the Phoenix\
			- Boggart: His sister Ariana\'92s corpse\
			- First book to appear in: Sorcerer\'92s Stone \
			- Family Members: Percival & Kendra Dumbledore\
			- Image: https://vignette1.wikia.nocookie.net/deathbattlefanon/images/8/8c/Harry_Potter_-_Albus_Dumbledore.png/revision/latest?cb=20160307113652\
\
	- Slytherin\
		- Draco Malfoy\
			- Bio: Draco Lucius Malfoy (b. 5 June, 1980) was a pure-blood wizard and the only son of Lucius and Narcissa Malfoy. The son of a Death Eater, Draco was raised to believe strongly in the importance of blood purity. He attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry from 1991-1998 and was sorted into Slytherin House. During his years at Hogwarts, he became friends with Vincent Crabbe, Gregory Goyle, Pansy Parkinson, and other fellow Slytherins, but he quickly developed a rivalry with Harry Potter.\
			- Wand: 10", Hawthorn, unicorn hair\
			- Pet: Eagle Owl\
			- Patronus: None\
			- Member of: Death Eaters, Prefect, Slytherin Quidditch Team (Seeker), \
			- Boggart: None\
			- First book to appear in: Sorcerer\'92s Stone \
			- Family Members: Lucius Malfoy\
			- Image: https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/harrypotter/images/c/cf/Harry-Potter-The-Deathly-Hallows-Part-II.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/325?cb=20140602031803\
\
		- Bellatrix Lestrange\
			- Bio: Bellatrix Lestrange (1951 \'96 2 May, 1998) was a pure-blood witch, the eldest daughter of Cygnus Black III and Druella Black and elder sister of Andromeda Tonks and Narcissa Malfoy. She was a member of the House of Black.  After graduating from Hogwarts she became a Death Eater. She was fanatically loyal to Lord Voldemort and was among the most dangerous and sadistic of Voldemort's followers.\
			- Wand: 12\'be", Walnut, dragon heartstring\
			- Pet: /\
			- Patronus: None\
			- Member of: Death Eaters\
			- Boggart: /\
			- First book to appear in: Goblet of Fire \
			- Family Members: Lucius Malfoy, Sirius Black\
			- Image: http://vignette3.wikia.nocookie.net/harrypotter/images/3/31/Bellatrix-promo-bellatrix-lestrange-28967562-470-627.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20140619032053\
\
		- Severus Snape\
			- Bio: Professor Severus Snape (9 January, 1960\'96 2 May, 1998) was a half-blood wizard serving as Potions Master, Defense Against the Dark Arts professor, and Headmaster of Hogwarts. His double life played a very important role in both of the Wizarding Wars against Voldemort. He met Lily and Petunia Evans when he was nine, and fell deeply in love with Lily, becoming a close friend of hers. \
			- Wand: Unknown\
			- Pet: /\
			- Patronus: Doe\
			- Member of: Hogwarts Staff (Potions, Defense Against the Dark Arts, Headmaster), Death Eaters, Order of the Phoenix, \
			- Boggart: Voldemort\
			- First book to appear in: Sorcerer\'92s Stone\
			- Family Members: Tobias & Eileen Snape\
			- Image: https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/harrypotter/images/c/c1/Severus-snape1.jpg/revision/latest/scale-to-width-down/160?cb=20110316031920		\
\
	- Hufflepuff\
		- Cedric Diggory\
			- Bio: Cedric Diggory (September/October, 1977 \'96 24 June, 1995) was the son of Amos Diggory and his wife. He started attending Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in 1989, and was sorted into Hufflepuff House. During his time at school he was a prefect and captained the Hufflepuff Quidditch team, playing as Seeker. In his sixth year Cedric put his name forward to compete in the Triwizard Tournament.\
			- Wand: 12\'bc", Ash, unicorn hair\
			- Pet: Eagle Owl\
			- Patronus: None\
			- Member of: Prefect, Hufflepuff Quidditch Team (Seeker, Captain), Triwizard Champions\
			- Boggart: None\
			- First book to appear in: Goblet of Fire \
			- Family Members: Amo Diggory\
			- Image: http://vignette4.wikia.nocookie.net/harrypotter/images/2/23/CedricDiggoryProfile.png/revision/latest?cb=20161123045136\
\
	- Ravenclaw\
		- Luna Lovegood: \
			- Bio: Luna Lovegood (b. 13 February, 1981) was a witch, the only child and daughter of Xenophilius and Pandora Lovegood. Her mother accidentally died while experimenting with spells when Luna was nine and Luna was raised by her father, editor of the magazine The Quibbler, in a rook-like house near the village of Ottery St Catchpole in Devon.\
			- Wand: Oak\
			- Pet: /\
			- Patronus: Hare\
			- Boggart: /\
			- Member of: Dumbledore\'92s Army, Order of the Phoenix\
			- First book to appear in: Order of the Phoenix\
			- Family Members: Xenophilius Lovegood\
			- Image: https://images.pottermore.com/bxd3o8b291gf/t6GVMDanqSKGOKaCWi8oi/2a4c50ed04600e4e4c0c5012628f4ace/LunaLovegood_WB_F5_LunaLovegoodPromoCloseUp_Promo_080615_Port.jpg?w=1200\
\
		- Cho Chang\
			-  Bio: Cho Chang (b. 1979) was a witch who attended Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry from 1990-1997 and was sorted into Ravenclaw House. She was a Seeker for the Ravenclaw Quidditch team and a popular student. In Cho's fifth year, she began dating Cedric Diggory. Cedric became one of the first casualties of the Second Wizarding War. His death greatly upset Cho and made her determined to fight against the recently returned Dark Lord.\
			- Wand: Unknown\
			- Pet: /\
			- Patronus: Swan\
			- Boggart: /\
			- Member of: Dumbledore\'92s Army, Ravenclaw Quidditch Team (Seeker)\
			- First book to appear in: Prisoner of Azkaban\
			- Family Members: Mr. & Mrs. Chang\
			- Image: https://vignette.wikia.nocookie.net/harrypotter/images/8/88/Cho-chang1.jpg/revision/latest?cb=20161217054602\
			\
}